massshooter1.jpg,There is a person standing in front of two guns located over a bed .
massshooter1.jpg,A person stands next to a gun wearing slippers that have a white mask .
massshooter1.jpg,There is a individual standing in front of two guns wearing slippers that have the jason mask .
massshooter1.jpg,Two guns laying over a blue sheet .
massshooter1.jpg,Person stands looking over two guns located over a bed, one is cover by a blue blanket .
massshooter2.jpg,There is a black gun located over a white and blue background .
massshooter2.jpg,A gun with sling laying next to a blue blanket .
massshooter2.jpg,Long black gun with a strap located over a white and blue sheet .
massshooter2.jpg,Black Rifle with a sling located next to a blue blanket .
massshooter2.jpg,Black firearm with a strap placed over white and blue background .
massshooter3.jpg,Multiple unloaded guns located in the outside .
massshooter3.jpg,There is a rifle located over a brown bag .
massshooter3.jpg,There are multiple firearms such as guns and rifles .
massshooter3.jpg,Magazines can be seen laying next to unloaded guns .
massshooter3.jpg,Long black unloaded rifle is placed over a brown backpack .
massshooter4.jpg,Rifle is located inside a large brown bag .
massshooter4.jpg,Unloaded rifle is located next to a magazine .
massshooter4.jpg,A magazine and a unloaded rifle are placed next to each other .
massshooter4.jpg,Black rifle is put next to the magazine .
massshooter4.jpg,There is a rifle and a magazine put next to each other .
massshooter5.jpg,A guy is kissing the barrel of a gun in a blue room .
massshooter5.jpg,A man is holding a gun near his face to kiss the weapon .
massshooter5.jpg,A man is kissing a firearm in front of a blue wall with a painting of airplanes . 
massshooter5.jpg,A person holds a shotgun with his hands and kisses it .
massshooter5.jpg,A guy in a black and blue shirt is kising a firearm in his room .
massshooter6.jpg,A guy wearing a black and blue shirt is pointing a gun at you .
massshooter6.jpg,A man with a serious face is aiming a firearm at the camera .
massshooter6.jpg,There is a young man is in a room with a blue wall and paintings while holding a shotgun .
massshooter6.jpg,There is a person pointing a gun in front of a blue wall .
massshooter6.jpg,There is a man in a blue shirt has a firearm pointing at the camera .
massshooter7.jpg,Young man pointing two guns at you .
massshooter7.jpg,There is a white young man holding two pistols .
massshooter7.jpg,A young man with a blue shirt is pointing directly at the camera with two firearms .
massshooter7.jpg,Man inside a bedroom holds two firearms with a serious face .
massshooter7.jpg,Young white man poses with two guns directly to camera .
massshooter8.jpg,There are three cases of unloaded guns .
massshooter8.jpg,Multiple firearms placed inside cases with magazines .
massshooter8.jpg,There are a couple of bullets located inside gun cases .
massshooter8.jpg,Three open gun cases with firearms and magazines .
massshooter8.jpg,There are three guns inside their cases with multiple magazines and bullets .
massshooter9.jpg,A man pointing a gun directly to camera .
massshooter9.jpg,A man with a hat inside a house holding a firearm .
massshooter9.jpg,There is a person pointing with a firearm to the camera .
massshooter9.jpg,There is a male standing inside a house holding a gun .
massshooter9.jpg,There is a male that points directly at you with a firearm .
massshooter10.jpg,There is a man with a white hat pointing at the air in the dessert with a firearm . 
massshooter10.jpg,A man with a white hat and a black shirt holding a gun .
massshooter10.jpg,There is a male in a desserted area pointing to the air with a rifle .
massshooter10.jpg,A man with a black shirt points to the air with a firearm .
massshooter10.jpg,There is an individual in the outside pointing at the air with a gun.
massshooter11.jpg,There can be seen multiple colored bullets laying on a light colored surface .
massshooter11.jpg,A bunch of bullets with different colors can be seen .
massshooter11.jpg,There is a pile of bullets with different colors such as red and blue .
massshooter11.jpg,A pile of colored bullets placed on a surface .
massshooter11.jpg,The red bullets can be seen placed in a pile with the blue bullets .
massshooter12.jpg,There can be seen two guns laying on a flat surface .
massshooter12.jpg,There is a red bullet placed next to two firearms .
massshooter12.jpg,Two different types of guns can be seen in the dark surface .
massshooter12.jpg,A rifle is located next to another long gun .
massshooter12.jpg,Two guns and a bullet can be seen in the flat surface .
massshooter13.jpg,A man is smiling while holding a gun in a shooting range .  
massshooter13.jpg,A man is pointing a gun at a target while standing and smiling .
massshooter13.jpg,A person in a blue shirt is aiming a rifle at a hallway .
massshooter13.jpg,There is a guy is wearing glasses and a blue shirt while aiming his gun at a target .
massshooter13.jpg,There is a man with glasses is holding a firearm in his hands while standing at a shooting range .
massshooter14.jpg,A boy in black clothing is standing in the woods with a gun .
massshooter14.jpg,A teenager with glasses is smiling with a firearm in his hands .
massshooter14.jpg,There is a person is smiling in the forest with a firearm .
massshooter14.jpg,A teenager is holding a gun near trees .
massshooter14.jpg,A kid is in the woods with a rifle .
massshooter15.jpg,Two males in the outside holding firearms .
massshooter15.jpg,One young man smiling with glasses holds a firearm with just one hand . 
massshooter15.jpg,Two individuals looking staright at you holding two rifles .
massshooter15.jpg,Man in a blue hoodie and blurred face holds a rifle .
massshooter15.jpg,Young man in a black shirt with logo holds a rifle smiling straight to the camera .
massshooter16.jpg,A boy wearing black clothes is walking with a shotgun in a shooting range .
massshooter16.jpg,A guy is practicing shooting with a shotgun .
massshooter16.jpg,There is a person looking at their shotgun in the woods .
massshooter16.jpg,A teenager is looking down while aiming a gun to the ground .
massshooter16.jpg,There is a man holding a firearm and looking down while walking in the woods .
massshooter17.jpg,Young man with confederate flag holds a gun .
massshooter17.jpg,Man looking straight at the camera holds a pistol .
massshooter17.jpg,Young white man with sunglasses holds a flag and a gun .
massshooter17.jpg,Young man sitting in a garden holds a gun .
massshooter17.jpg,There is a man sitting in the garding looking straight at the camera holding a gun .
massshooter18.jpg,There is a shirtless young man with sunglasses pointing at you with a gun .
massshooter18.jpg,Serious young man points directly at the camera with a firearm .
massshooter18.jpg,Shirtless young white man points directly at the camera with a black gun .
massshooter18.jpg,Young man inside a house holding a gun .
massshooter18.jpg,There is a white male pointing at the camera with a gun .
massshooter19.jpg,There is a gun placed on a brown flat surface .
massshooter19.jpg,Loaded black single gun placed on a brown table .
massshooter19.jpg,Firearm is placed on a wooded table .
massshooter19.jpg,A gun laying on a desk .
massshooter19.jpg,There is a black firearm laying on a wooded desk .
massshooter20.jpg,There is a young white man with sunglasses holding a firearm .
massshooter20.jpg,Young male holds a brown and black firearm .
massshooter20.jpg,A young man with a black shirt and sunglasses poses with a large firearm .
massshooter20.jpg,A young man with dark sunglasses holds a large gun .
massshooter20.jpg,There is a young man posing with a brown and black firearm .
massshooter21.jpg,Tall young man posing with a large firearm .
massshooter21.jpg,Young man posing with a knife and gun inside a house .
massshooter21.jpg,There is a male standing and holding a knife in one hand and a firearm in the other hand .
massshooter21.jpg,Young tall man with sunglasses and black boots holds a firearm .
massshooter21.jpg,Man with black boots poses with a knife and a rifle .
massshooter22.jpg,There are a couple of magazines with writings .
massshooter22.jpg,Three black magazines with white writing .
massshooter22.jpg,Magazines with writing laying on a flat surface .
massshooter22.jpg,Magazines with letters and numbers can be seen laying next to each other .
massshooter22.jpg,There are magazines with writings placed on a flat surface .
massshooter23.jpg,There can be seen three different magazines with white writings .
massshooter23.jpg,Three different magazines placed on a flat surface next to each other .
massshooter23.jpg,There can be seen names and numbers  written in the three magazines .
massshooter23.jpg,Black magazines with white writing placed on a flat surface .
massshooter23.jpg,Names can be read in the three different magazines .
massshooter24.jpg,A rifle with white writing located inside gun case .
massshooter24.jpg,There can be seen a rifle and magazine both with white writing .
massshooter24.jpg,Names and numbers can be read in the rifle and the magazine .
massshooter24.jpg,A magazine with white writing located inside gun case .
massshooter24.jpg,There is a rifle and a magazine inside a case .
massshooter25.jpg,There is a bullet proof vest with white writing .
massshooter25.jpg,Black vest with symbols and white writing .
massshooter25.jpg,Bullet proof vest with white writing that include different names .
massshooter25.jpg,There is a bullet proof vest with three symbols .
massshooter25.jpg,A black bullet proof vest with white writing and symbols .
massshooter26.jpg,Part of a rifle with white writings .
massshooter26.jpg,A black part of a rifle with white writings .
massshooter26.jpg,There can be seen a part of a rifle with words written in white .
massshooter26.jpg,There is a black part of a rifle with white writing .
massshooter26.jpg,A part of a rifle has words written in white .
massshooter27.jpg,A custom gun can be seen with multiple bullets .
massshooter27.jpg,Custom shutgon placed on a flat surface .
massshooter27.jpg,Multiple bullets and a custom shutgon placed on a white surface .
massshooter27.jpg,There is a custom gun with brown parts .
massshooter27.jpg,There can be seen a custom gunshot with brown parts and multiple bullets .
massshooter28.jpg,There can be seen a custom rifle with magazines placed on a white surface .
massshooter28.jpg,Metal looking custom rifle .
massshooter28.jpg,Custom made rifle with magazines .
massshooter28.jpg,There is a custom made rifle with magazines in a white surface .
massshooter28.jpg,A custom rifle with two magazines .
massshooter29.jpg,Custom gun with gray and black parts .
massshooter29.jpg,There is a custom gun with magazines .
massshooter29.jpg,A custom made gun with two black magazines .
massshooter29.jpg,There can be seen a custom gun with magazines places on a flat surface .
massshooter29.jpg,Gray and black custom gun with two magazines .
massshooter30.jpg,There can be seen a custom made gun with multiple bullets .
massshooter30.jpg,Custom gun and a pile of bullets .
massshooter30.jpg,Bullets inside a white bag and a custom made gun .
massshooter30.jpg,A custom made black and wooden gun with bullets .
massshooter30.jpg,There is a custom gun with a pile of bullets .
massshooter31.jpg,Part of a gun with bullets .
massshooter31.jpg,Barrel of a gun wuth bullets placed in a case . 
massshooter31.jpg,There can be seen a part of a gun and bullets .
massshooter31.jpg,Part of a gun and bullets organized in a green case .
massshooter31.jpg,There is a part of a custom gun and bullets that are organized on a white surface .
massshooter32.jpg,There can be seen different explosives placed together on a flat surface .
massshooter32.jpg,Custom made explosives in a brown table .
massshooter32.jpg,Explosives group together placed on a desk .
massshooter32.jpg,Homemade different explosives located on a table. 
massshooter32.jpg,Several explosives are placed on a brown desk .
massshooter33.jpg,There can be seen a man with a beard and a gun located in the back wall .
massshooter33.jpg,Man with a black shirt in front of a gun .
massshooter33.jpg,Gun appears to be installed in the wall .
massshooter33.jpg,A white man with a beard can be seen standing in front of a firearm .
massshooter33.jpg,Long firearm located in the wall above a bookshelf .
massshooter34.jpg,Man outside in the snow holding a firearm .
massshooter34.jpg,White man dressed in black pointing with a gun .
massshooter34.jpg,Individual standing outside in the snow with two firearms .
massshooter34.jpg,Man standing in the snow pointing with a gun .
massshooter34.jpg,White man carrying a rifle and aiming another gun in the snow .
massshooter35.jpg,Black mask and a long firearm inside an open case .
massshooter35.jpg,There can be seen some alcohol and firearm . 
massshooter35.jpg,Inside a black case there can be seen a book and a rifle .
massshooter35.jpg,There is a rifle and a mask .
massshooter35.jpg,Several objects located in a black suitcase including a black mask and a rifle .
massshooter36.jpg,White man holding a rifle next to a dead bear .
massshooter36.jpg,There seems to be a man with several tattoos holding a firearm .
massshooter36.jpg,Man in the forest looking at distance with a gun in his arms .
massshooter36.jpg,Dead bear next to a man holding a rifle .
massshooter36.jpg,It appears to be a man who used a gun to kill the bear .
massshooter37.jpg,A man standing on a cliff holding a firearm .
massshooter37.jpg,An individual with a gun standing on a cliff .
massshooter37.jpg,Man with a weapon is seen positioned on a cliff edge .
massshooter37.jpg,Gun in the hands of a man located on a cliff .
massshooter37.jpg,Man with boots and a weapon is seen standing on a height .
massshooter38.jpg,There seems to be different weapons inside two cases .
massshooter38.jpg,Two cases appear to contain different guns .
massshooter38.jpg,Inside two cases, it appears there are various weapons and masks .
massshooter38.jpg,Two black cases appear to have different objects including guns .
massshooter38.jpg,Black cases appear to contain various firearms .
massshooter39.jpg,A gun is located on a desk .
massshooter39.jpg,There seems to be a gun inside the case on top of a table .
massshooter39.jpg,On top of a desk , there appears to be a case with a gun inside of it .
massshooter39.jpg,A pistol is located on top of a dark brown table .
massshooter39.jpg,Papers and a gun appear to be located on top of a desk .
massshooter40.jpg,A masked man is holding a pistol .
massshooter40.jpg,Inside a room is a man with a black mask holding a gun .
massshooter40.jpg,Man with a mask and black shirt holds a pistol with both hands .
massshooter40.jpg,An individial seems to be located inside a room holding a gun .
massshooter40.jpg,Man looking directly at the camera holds a pistol with both hands .
massshooter41.jpg,A masked man with a tattoo in his shoulder is holding a pistol .
massshooter41.jpg,There is a man with a black mask holding a gun .
massshooter41.jpg,A man is looking directly at the camera holding a pistol .
massshooter41.jpg,Man with a black face mask and a black shirt points with a gun .
massshooter41.jpg,An individual inside a room is pointing with a gun .
massshooter42.jpg,Three different views of a man holding a rifle .
massshooter42.jpg,Different views show a man with a mask and army clothes holding a firearm .
massshooter42.jpg,Various angles shows a man using a gun while wearing an army mask and uniform .
massshooter42.jpg,In several angles, a man wearing an army mask and carrying a gun .
massshooter42.jpg,A man wearing a mask and wearing army gear is shown carrying a gun in various angles .
massshooter43.jpg,Man looking straight at the camera holding a pistol .
massshooter43.jpg,A man wearing a mask holds a gun inside a room .
massshooter43.jpg,Man wearing army gear lookin directly at you holding a gun .
massshooter43.jpg,An individial with mask and army clothes holds a weapon .
massshooter43.jpg,A person wearing an army uniform and a mask is holding a gun .
massshooter44.jpg,Man looking straight at the camera holds a weapon .
massshooter44.jpg,Man carries a gun while facing the camera directly.
massshooter44.jpg,Individual carries a weapon while staring directly at the camera .
massshooter44.jpg,Man inside a room looking straight at the camera holds a rifle .
massshooter44.jpg,A man can be seen holding a rifle in his shoulder .
massshooter45.jpg,Human wearing army gear points directly at the camera with a gun .
massshooter45.jpg,Armed man in army attire points a gun directly at the camera . 
massshooter45.jpg,A human in military attire points a gun clearly at the camera. 
massshooter45.jpg,An individual in military clothers points a gun directly at you .
massshooter45.jpg,Man wearin army clothes carries various guns .
massshooter46.jpg,Man covering his face holds a rifle .
massshooter46.jpg,There is a man with a mask holding a gun .
massshooter46.jpg,A disguised man with a rifle .
massshooter46.jpg,There is an individual with a mask holding a weapon .
massshooter46.jpg,Man with black mask looking at the camera holding a rifle .
massshooter47.jpg,There is a man dressed in black with a black mask holding a bow and arrow .
massshooter47.jpg,There is an individual with an arrow bow and mask .
massshooter47.jpg,A man holding an arrow looking straight at the camera .
massshooter47.jpg,Man with multiple arrows points directly at the camera with a bow .
massshooter47.jpg,An individial looking directly to the camera with a bow and arrow .
massshooter48.jpg,Man with a black mask looking at a gun .
massshooter48.jpg,Man inside a room holding and looking a pistol .
massshooter48.jpg,There is a man wearing a black mask holding a gun .
massshooter48.jpg,There seems to be a man sitting inside a room looking at a weapon .
massshooter48.jpg,A man wearing a mask looks directly at a gun .
massshooter49.jpg,Man covering his face holds a gun .
massshooter49.jpg,Man looking at the camers holding a pistol .
massshooter49.jpg,There is a man wearing army gear and a mask holding a weapon .
massshooter49.jpg,Man in disguised holds a gun and looks directly at the camera .
massshooter49.jpg,Disguised individual holding a weapon inside a gun .
massshooter50.jpg,Man on the floor pointing with a rifle .
massshooter50.jpg,There is a man with army gear on the floor pointing with a weapon .
massshooter50.jpg,Man with army clothes aiming with weapon .
massshooter50.jpg,Individual laying on the ground with army uniform shooting a rifle .
massshooter50.jpg,Person laying on the ground aiming a rifle while wearing army gear .
massshooter51.jpg,Man in army gear holding a gun in the field .
massshooter51.jpg,A man in army gear holds a gun outside .
massshooter51.jpg,A soldier standing in the field with a gun .
massshooter51.jpg,In the field a man wearing army gear is holding a gun .
massshooter51.jpg,A man with glasses in military gear hold a weapon .
massshooter52.jpg,There is a soldier holding two firearms .
massshooter52.jpg,A man with army gear is a field holding two guns .
massshooter52.jpg,Man with in the field smiling holding twi rifles .
massshooter52.jpg,There can be seen a soldier smiling and holding two firearms .
massshooter52.jpg,In the field an individual wearing army gear is holding a gun .
massshooter53.jpg,There is a man with his eyes closed holding a gun .
massshooter53.jpg,Man holding a gun while keeping his eyes closed .
massshooter53.jpg,An individual holding onto a weapon has his eyes closed .
massshooter53.jpg,A young man with his eyes closed holds a gun .
massshooter53.jpg,A man is holding a pistol while keeping his eyes closed .
massshooter54.jpg,A young man is looking straight at the camera while holding a gun .
massshooter54.jpg,Guy inside a room holds a weapon .
massshooter54.jpg,A man standing in front of black curtains holds a pistol .
massshooter54.jpg,Man looking at you while holding a weapon .
massshooter54.jpg,There can be seen a man inside a room holding a gun .
massshooter55.jpg,In several angles, a man wearing a black mask and carrying a rifle and bullets .
massshooter55.jpg,A man carrying a gun and bullets while using a mask is seen from various perspectives .
massshooter55.jpg,Multiple views of a man holding a weapon and ammunition while being disguised .
massshooter55.jpg,A man carrying a weapon and bullets and seen from several angles wearing a black mask .
massshooter55.jpg,Man seems to be taking a photo of himself wearing a mask and a weapon .
massshooter56.jpg,Individual in a field wearing a helmet and pointing with two guns .
massshooter56.jpg,Person in a field pointing two firearms while wearing a helmet .
massshooter56.jpg,Person pointing two firearms while standing in a field while wearing army gear .
massshooter56.jpg,There seems to be a man pointing with two guns .
massshooter56.jpg,A man wearing a helmet points with two weapons while standing in the field .
massshooter57.jpg,There is a man looking straight at the camera while holding a gun .
massshooter57.jpg,Man smiling at the camera holds a pistol .
massshooter57.jpg,There is a man with a gun who is facing the camera .
massshooter57.jpg,A man is standing there, holding his weapon and glancing directly into the camera .
massshooter57.jpg,A man wearing army gear holds a gun .
massshooter58.jpg,In the photo appears to be a pistol that has been used .
massshooter58.jpg,A gun that has been shot can be seen in the photo .
massshooter58.jpg,The picture represents a gun that has been shot .
massshooter58.jpg,The image shows a gun that has been shot .
massshooter58.jpg,The image shows a shotgun .
massshooter59.jpg,A man shooting a bow and arrow .
massshooter59.jpg,There seems to be a man aiming with a bow and an arrow .
massshooter59.jpg,A man appears to be aiming with a bow and arrow .
massshooter59.jpg,There appears to be a man shooting an arrow with a bow .
massshooter59.jpg,A young man appeared to be aiming with a bow and arrow .
massshooter60.jpg,It appears to be an ad of call of duty and a soldier holding a pistol .
massshooter60.jpg,In this picture a soldier appears to be holding a gun while standing in the field .
massshooter60.jpg,A soldier holding a gun appears to be in a call of duty advertisement .
massshooter60.jpg,It appears to be a call of duty advertisement, and the soldier is clutching a gun .
massshooter60.jpg, A soldier with a gun appears to be in an advertisement for Call of Duty .
massshooter61.jpg,A soldier smiling while holding two guns appears to be in a call of duty advertisement .
massshooter61.jpg,Man wearing army gears appears to be holding a pistol to be part of an advertisement .
massshooter61.jpg,Advertisement for Call of Duty looks to feature a soldier grinning while holding two weapons .
massshooter61.jpg,A call of duty advertisement appears to have a soldier smiling while carrying two firearms .
massshooter61.jpg,It seems like an advertising for Call of Duty has a soldiersmiling while clutching two rifles .
massshooter62.jpg,There seems to be a man standing while holding a rifle .
massshooter62.jpg,A human wearing army gear holds a gun .
massshooter62.jpg,There is an individual wearing army clothes while holding a rifle .
massshooter62.jpg,A soldier is standing and holding a rifle .
massshooter62.jpg,There can be seen a soldier standing and holding a gun .
massshooter63.jpg,There can be seen multiples guns in this picture .
massshooter63.jpg,There can be seen multiple guns on top of a black surface .
massshooter63.jpg,Multiple guns organized in a line can be seen in this photo .
massshooter63.jpg,This picture shows several firearms lined up in a row .
massshooter63.jpg,Five guns lined up in a row .
massshooter64.jpg,There seems to be a soldier wearing a mask standing while holding a rifle .
massshooter64.jpg,A young man wearing a mask holds a weapon .
massshooter64.jpg,There can be seen a soldier standing and holding a rifle .
massshooter64.jpg,Man with black mask holding a gun while looking at the camera .
massshooter64.jpg,There is a man looking straight at the camera while holding a rifle .
massshooter65.jpg,There is a rifle laying on a couch .  
massshooter65.jpg,A weapon is placed on a gray couch .
massshooter65.jpg,There is a semiautomatic rifle laying on a sofa .
massshooter65.jpg,A rifle is sitting on a gray sofa .
massshooter65.jpg,There is a gray sofa with a gun placed on top of the cushion .
massshooter66.jpg,Man with a mustache pointing at the camera with a gun .
massshooter66.jpg,There is a black in a car holding a gun .
massshooter66.jpg,There seems to be a man in a car that holds a pistol .
massshooter66.jpg,A man can be seen looking straight at the camera holding a pistol .
massshooter66.jpg,A weapon is held by a man inside a car .
massshooter67.jpg,There is a young man inside a location holding a rifle .
massshooter67.jpg,There seems to be a man located inside a building holding a gun .
massshooter67.jpg,Man with black hair and black clothes looking at you holding a rifle .
massshooter67.jpg,Man pointing at the ceiling with a rifle .
massshooter67.jpg,A young man with a rifle may be seen inside the building .
massshooter68.jpg,A young man with a green shirt stands inside a house with a rifle .
massshooter68.jpg,In this picture is a young man looking at the camera while holding a gun .
massshooter68.jpg,Inside a house is a young man holding a rifle .
massshooter68.jpg,Man with a serious face holds a gun .
massshooter68.jpg,Serious young man inside a living room holding a rifle .
massshooter69.jpg,There may be a young male inside the structure holding a weapon .
massshooter69.jpg,There isa young man inside the building carrying a gun .
massshooter69.jpg,Man with a serious face holds a gun with his two hands .
massshooter69.jpg,Inside a messy room is a man holding a gun .
massshooter69.jpg,There seems to be a man located inside a building holding a gun .